# React-Project-Phase-5
My final project at Flatiron. Allows users to choose personal values and receive customized recommendations for activities based on their values.

Install Instructions: Download from https://github.com/kraeman/this-is-now. Install JavaScript and Ruby on your local machine. Open two terminals. cd into the Rails backend in one terminal, cd into the React frontend in the other. In the Rails terminal, run 'bundle' first and 'rails db:migrate' second. In the frontend terminal, run 'npm i'. Back in the Rails terminal, run 'rails s' (run this server BEFORE running the frontend server). NEXT, in the frontend terminal, run 'npm start', wait until prompted, then press the 'y' key to accept port 3001. The app will open in your default browser. The reason we have to run the rails server first is so that it has priority to get port 3000 which is what the frontend expects it to have.

Usage: after login or signup, you will be redirected to activities and values page. In order to get a customized list of ranked activities, you first need to associate at least one personal value with your account. After that, based on the values you have chosen, a personalized and ranked list of activities will display! Feel free to add new values or new activities. When adding a new activity, you can associate any existing values to the new activity as well as a score that indicates how related they are. For example when creating a 'running' activity, you may associate the health value with a score of 10 and the entertainment value with a score of 2. The higher the score, the more it is related.

Contributors: Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/kraeman/this-is-now. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

License: MIT License available @ https://github.com/kraeman/this-is-now/blob/main/LICENSE